worksfor	to be employed, esp. as a means of earning one's livelihood
proxyfor	one thing can be taken to refer to another, but the reverse is not necessarily or equally so
agentcompeteswithagent	Non-cooperative interaction.
subpartof	a portion or division of a whole that is separate or distinct; piece, fragment, fraction, or section; constituent
atdate	assigns dates to things.
agentparticipatedinevent	identifies participants in events
mutualproxyfor	two things can be taken to refer to each other equally
locationlocatedwithinlocation	a location that is a subpart of another location
animaldevelopdisease	Describes the diseases that can be developed by an animal
companyeconomicsector	specifies that a particular company does business in a particular economic sector
atlocation	assigns locations to things.
agentbelongstoorganization	to be in the relation of a member, adherent, inhabitant, etc
agentcollaborateswithagent	to work, one with another; cooperate, as on a literary work
personleadsorganization	person leading an organization/company
topmemberoforganization	Identifies people in high-level, leading positions at organizations. Applicable positions have authority over the entire organization (e.g. presidents, VPs, directors, and C-level executives), not merely over departments or subsidiaries.
organizationhiredperson	This relation connects an organization to individuals that it hired. It does include people hired as contractors, not just people hired as employees. It does not include elected officials. It does not include organizations that may be hired for some particular purpose. Typically, hiring someone does involve paying them, though that is seldom stated explicitly when the relation is mentioned. A hiring event (the actual initiation of the employment) must be mentioned for this relation to apply; if the text just says that Mary Smith works for IBM, that is not enough to assert a hired relation.
objectfoundinscene	Object found in scene (NEIL)
agentinvolvedwithitem	Most general agent-to-item relation. As with agentInteractsWithAgent, we'll use this for states of being as well as actions, at least for now.
agentcontrols	to exercise restraint or direction over; dominate; command
bodypartcontainsbodypart	indicates that one body part is contained inside another
objectpartofobject	meronym
agentcreated	general relation to identify creation and authorships
attractionofcity	The city that an attraction is located in
personbornincity	the city that a person was born in
personborninlocation	the location that a person is born in
agentactsinlocation	As with agentInteractsWithAgent, we take existing at a location to be an action at that location.
personbelongstoorganization	organization or company that person is belonged to
persongraduatedfromuniversity	Describes the people graduated from a university
persongraduatedschool	This holds when the person has graduated from the educational institution at some time. This includes high schools, say, as well as universities. A division of an institution (Yale Business School) will be scored as the same answer as the institution as a whole (Yale).
personmovedtostateorprovince	Describes the people that moved to live in a state or province
hasspouse	person has a spouse
haswife	person has a wife
thinghasshape	Object has shape (NEIL)
touristattractionsuchastouristattraction	Describes the specific tourist attraction types that are generalizations of tourist attractions
organizationterminatedperson	This relation holds when the organization has teminated the employment relationship. This includes firings, RIFs, resignations, and retirements. Normal ending of a contract does not constitute terminatedEmployment. A termination event (the endinf of the employment) must be mentioned for this relation to apply; if the text just says that Mary Smith used to work for IBM, that is not enough to assert a terminatedEmployment relation.
animalistypeofanimal	Type-specific generalization of animals.
animalpreyson	Animals that are hunted and eaten by this animal.
specializationof	one thing is a more specific kind of another thing
animalsuchasfish	Describes the fish that are from a specific type of animals
organizationheadquarteredincity	The city where a given organization is headquartered
personchargedwithcrime	Charges or crimes (alleged or convicted) of the given person
synonymfor	Two strings are synonyms if both of them frequently refer to the same real-world concept in text.
buildinglocatedincity	specifies that a particular building is located in a particular city
organizationheadquarteredincountry	The country where a given organization is headquartered
animaleatfood	Describes the foods that are eaten by an animal
subpartoforganization	one organization is a subpart of a larger, controlling organization
agentcontributedtocreativework	Specifies that a particular agent contributed to the production or creation of a particular creativeWork.  An actor in a movie contributes to that movie, but agentCreated would probably be to strong an assertion for that.
personhasjobposition	This relation holds when the person has held the position at some point in some organization.
politicianholdsoffice	Specifies that a particular politician holds a particular office
acquired	to come into possession or ownership of; get as one's own.
companyalsoknownas	this is another name for this company
competeswith	specifies that a particular company has been in competition with another particular company
parentofperson	parent of a person
itemfoundinroom	Relates items to rooms in which they are often found
istallerthan	Indicates that arg1 has a greater height than arg2
invertebratefeedonfood	Describes the foods that are eaten by an invertebrate
hasofficeincountry	specifies that a particular company has offices in a particular country
fooddecreasestheriskofdisease	Describes the foods that can reduce the risks of having a disease
hashusband	person has a husband
citylocatedinstate	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular state or province
headquarteredin	specifies that a particular company is headquartered in a particular city
animaleatvegetable	Describes the vegetables eaten by an animal
musicianplaysinstrument	Specifies that a musical instrument is played by a paritcular musician
organizationheadquarteredinstateorprovince	The state or province where a given organization is headquartered
personhascitizenship	the citizenship of a person
personalsoknownas	this is another name for this person
professionusestool	those who practice this profession use this tool
politicianrepresentslocation	Describes the city, state, country or other location represented by a politician
organizationalsoknownas	this is another name for this organization
thinghascolor	Object has color (NEIL)
sportsgamewinner	Specifies that a particular team that played in a particular sportsGame was the winner thereof.
organizationdissolvedatdate	The date on which a given organization was dissolved
coachesinleague	specifies that a particular coach coaches a team that plays in a particular league
coachwontrophy	specifies that a particular coach coaches a team that won a particular award or trophy
ismultipleof	Specifies the way in which a grouping of individual somethings can be referred to, including but not limited to relating the plural form to the singular.
athleteplayssport	to engage in a game, pastime, etc.
athleteplaysforteam	to join together in a team
athleteplaysinleague	a group of athletic teams organized to promote mutual interests and to compete chiefly among themselves.
hassibling	two persons are siblings
organizationacronymhasname	this short name or acronym refers to this organization
professionistypeofprofession	Type-specific generalization of professions.
foodcancausedisease	Describes the diseases that can be caused by a food
hasofficeincity	specifies that a particular company has offices in a particular city
beveragemadefrombeverage	Describes the names an artery can be called
animalsuchasinvertebrate	Describes the invertebrate that are from a specific type of animals
persondiedincountry	the country that a person died in
transportationincity	City of a transportation system.
teamplaysincity	The home city of a sports team, typically a location where the team frequently competes.
teamplaysinleague	The league that a team plays in.
teamplayssport	The sport that a team plays.
athletehomestadium	a sports arena, usually oval or horseshoe-shaped, with tiers of seats for spectators which is home for an athlete.
athleteledsportsteam	Describes the athletes that lead/led a sports team
athleteplayssportsteamposition	The team position played by an athlete.
musicianinmusicartist	Specifies that a particular musician has performed as particular musicArtist
personhasresidenceingeopoliticallocation	the geopolitical location that person has residence in
countryalsoknownas	this is another name for this country
animalsuchasinsect	Describes the insect that are from a specific type of animals
arthropodandotherarthropod	Describes similar arthropods
arthropodcalledarthropod	Describes the names an artery can be called
personleadsgeopoliticalorganization	specifies that a particular person plays a leading role in a particular geopolitical organization (which includes the governments of countries)
athleteinjuredhisbodypart	Describes the athletes that had injured any body part
animalthatfeedoninsect	Describes the animals that feed on Insects
producesproduct	Specifies that a particular compnay produces a particular product
agriculturalproductcutintogeometricshape	Describes the agricultural products that are usually cut into geometric shapes
cityliesonriver	Rivers that flow or through or immediately adjacent to the city.
citylocatedincountry	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular country
citylocatedingeopoliticallocation	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular geopolitical location
journalistwritesforpublication	specifies that a particular journalist writes for a particular publication
airportincity	The city an airport is located in.
beveragecontainsprotein	Describes the proteins contained in beverages
ceoof	specifies that a particular CEO is the CEO of a particular company
athleteflyouttosportsteamposition	athlete fly out to sports team position
agriculturalproductcamefromcountry	Describes the agricultural products that came from a country
teamalsoknownas	this is another name for this team
agriculturalproductcookedwithagriculturalproduct	Describes the agricultural products that are usually cooked with another agricultural product
lakeinstate	The state/province a river is in.
motherofperson	mother of a person
teamplaysagainstteam	Teams that play against each other competitively
stadiumlocatedincity	The city where a stadium is located
riveremptiesintoriver	Describes the tributaries of a river
actorstarredinmovie	to perform as an actor in movie.
teamhomestadium	The stadium or other sporting venue which a team designates as its home. Typically, a large percentage of the team's games occur in this location.
clothingtogowithclothing	Describes clothing pieces that should or can be used with each other
coachesteam	specifies that a particular coach coaches a particular team
bankboughtbank	Describes the banks that bought other banks
bacteriaisthecausativeagentofphysiologicalcondition	Describes the bacterias that causes physiological conditions
hotelincity	The city a hotel is located in.
athletewinsawardtrophytournament	Describes the athletes who won an award trophy tournament
musicgenressuchasmusicgenres	Describes the musicgenre types that are generalizations of specific musicgenres
teamwontrophy	Trophies that a team has won
cityalsoknownas	this is another name for this city
televisionstationaffiliatedwith	The network that a TV station gets its programming from
televisionstationincity	The city where a TV station is located or broadcasts to.
parkincity	The city a park is located in.
statehascapital	The capital city of a state, where the main governing apparatus is located.
statelocatedincountry	The country which the state or province is a part of.
statelocatedingeopoliticallocation	specifies that a particular state or province is located in a particular geopolitical location
stateorprovinceisborderedbystateorprovince	Describes the states that borders a state
museumincity	The city that a museum is located in
citycapitalofcountry	specifies that a particular city is the capital of a particular country
countrylocatedingeopoliticallocation	specifies that a particular country is located in a particular geopolitical entity
countrycurrency	specifies that a particular country uses a particular currency
mountaininstate	State/province a mountain is located in.
radiostationincity	Specifies that a particular radio station is headquarted in a particular city
conceptprerequisiteof	Prerequisite relationship between scientific terms (currently biased towards ML and AI areas)
sportschoolincountry	Describes the sports practiced in a country
sportusesequipment	Specifies equipment that is used by a particular sport.
sportfansincountry	Describes the sports that have fans living in a country
sporthassportsteamposition	The relation between a sport and team positions filled by athletes
hobbiessuchashobbies	Describes the hobbies types that are generalizations of specific hobbies
sportusesstadium	Specifies that a particular sport is played in a particular venue
awardtrophytournamentisthechampionshipgameofthenationalsport	Describes award trophy tournaments related to specific sports
bookwriter	author of a book
academicprogramatuniversity	this academic program is offered by this university
academicfieldconcernssubject	Subjects of study within a given academic field
academicfieldsuchasacademicfield	Describes a specialization fo an Academic Field
languageofcountry	Typical language spoken in a country (official or otherwise)
languageofuniversity	Language spoken at a college/university.
emotionassociatedwithdisease	Describes the emotions associated with a disease
sportsgamesport	Specifies the sport that was played in a particular sportsGame.
sportsgameteam	Specifies the teams that played in a particular sports game
drughassideeffect	This predicate indicates that the use of a drug has a physiologicalCondition as a side-effect.
agriculturalproductcomingfromvertebrate	Describes the agricultural products that come from a vertebrate
drugpossiblytreatsphysiologicalcondition	relates a substance to a condition that it might treat.
drugworkedonbyagent	This predicate relates a substance and a HumanAgent who is responsible for it.
musicartistgenre	Specifies that a musicArtist performs in a particular genre
plantgrowinginplant	Describes the plants that grow on other plants
plantincludeplant	Describes the subcategories of a plant
plantrepresentemotion	Describes the emotions represented by a plant
mammalsuchasmammal	Describes the specific actors types that are generalizations of actors
agriculturalproductincludingagriculturalproduct	Describes the agricultural products that are generalizations of other agriculture products
agriculturalproductgrowninlandscapefeatures	Describes the agricultural products that are grown in landscape features
fishservedwithfood	Describes the kind of food that are tipically serverd with a fish
agriculturalproductcontainchemical	Describes the agricultural products that contain a chemical
chemicalistypeofchemical	indicates that one chemical is special case of another chemical
clothingmadefromplant	Describes the clothing items made of a plant
buildingfeaturemadefrombuildingmaterial	Describes the building features that are made of a building material
furniturefoundinroom	Relates furniture to rooms in which it is often found
agriculturalproductgrowinginstateorprovince	Describes the agricultural products that are produced in a state or province
agriculturalproducttoattractinsect	Describes the agricultural products that attract insects
arterycalledartery	Describes the names an artery can be called
weaponssuchasweapons	Describes the weapons types that are generalizations of specific weapons
weaponmadeincountry	Describes the weapons produced by a country
bakedgoodservedwithbeverage	Describes the baked goods that are usually served with a beverage
newspaperincity	Specifies the city in which a particular newspaper is headquartered
politicianusendorsedbypoliticianus	U.S. Politician that endorses another U.S. politician
politicianusholdsoffice	U.S. Politician who holds an office
politicianusmemberofpoliticalgroup	U.S. Politician who is member of a political group
fatherofperson	father of a person
directordirectedmovie	to direct a monvie
visualartistartform	The type of visual art that a visualArtist produces. Also known as an artist's medium.
athletebeatathlete	Describes the athletes whom beat other athletes
automobilemakerdealersincountry	Describes the car dealers in a country
automakerproducesmodel	this automobile manufacturer produces this particular automobile make or model
automobilemakercardealersinstateorprovince	Describes the car dealers in a state or province
automobilemakerdealersincity	Describes the car dealers in a city
bankbankincountry	Describes the banks in a country
leaguestadiums	specifies that a particular league uses a particular venue for its games
