malecanbethesameascomedian	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
inverseofcountriessuchascountries	Describes the countries types that are generalizations of specific countries
grandprix	one of several international races.
everypromotedthing	every promoted category instance in KB
cityhastransportation	City of a transportation system.
architect	a person who designs buildings or other structures
riveremptiesintoriver	Describes the tributaries of a river
arteryarisesfromartery	Describes the arteries that arises from other arteries
scientistcanbethesameaswriter	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
bodypartcontainsmuscle	Describes the muscles in body parts
landscapefeatures	This type captures geographical features of the Earth, including landforms, bodies of water, underwater landforms, caves, and similar locations.
lake	A lake is a body of water surrounded entirely by land. For the purposes of this schema, any such body, regardless of size, should be considered a lake. This includes ponds, but excludes such bodies as marshes, bogs, fens, etc.
inverseoftelevisionshowssuchastelevisionshows	Describes the televisionshows types that are generalizations of specific televisionshows
animalpredators	Animals that are hunted and eaten by this animal.
cityzoos	The city a zoo is located in
inverseofbooksuchasbook	Describes the specific book types that are generalizations of actors
locationofitemuse	an item used in a specific place
writerwrotebook	author of a book
citynewspaper	Specifies the city in which a particular newspaper is headquartered
meetingeventtype	A kind of meeting, the name of a series of meetings, or some other way to refer to a category of meeting
cityalsoknownas	this is another name for this city
officebuildingroomhostsmeetingeventtitle	In which room a particular meeting will take place
politician	Any person who has held or sought a position in a government.  The term politician may not be strictly accurate for some positions such as kings, but we have to call it something!
countrycapital	specifies that a particular city is the capital of a particular country
celltype	A cell type is a distinct morphological or functional form of cell (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_type)
inverseofplantgrowinginplant	Describes the plants that grow on other plants
televisionshow	Television shows, or a television series that includes multiple episodes
dateliteral	represents a date.
inverseofdiseasecausesphysiologicalcondition	Describes diseases that may cause a physiological condition
inverseofbacteriacancauseillnessfromfood	Describes the foods that bacterias can cause illness from
celebritysuchascelebrity	Describes the specific celebrity types that are generalizations of celebrities
celebrity	A celebrity is a person who is frequently featured in the media and is recognizable by the general public.
generalizationof	one thing is a more specific kind of another thing
husbandof	person has a husband
musicartistgenre	Specifies that a musicArtist performs in a particular genre
chemicaltypehaschemical	indicates that one chemical is special case of another chemical
arthropodlookslikeinsect	Describes the arthropod that look like specific insects
politicsbillconcernsissue	Issues that a legislative billl is concerned with.
inverseofbeveragecansoftendisease	Describes beverages that can help soften the symptons of diseases
agentcontrols	to exercise restraint or direction over; dominate; command (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/control)
personhasresidenceinstateorprovince	the state or province that a person has residence in
building	A building is a man-made structure designed for shelter or for continuous or periodic occupancy. All buildings are structures and therefore typed Structure which imparts other basic properties (see /architecture/structure). If something is not a structure, it can't be typed as a building.  This category does not include complexes of individual buildings.
animaleatvegetable	Describes the vegetables eaten by an animal
newspaper	A newspaper is a periodical which is printed in a specific format (i.e., on newsprint), describes recent events, and is typically published daily.
insecteatsgrain	Describes the grains eaten by an insect
musicartist	An individual or a group that performs or makes music. Musical artists should typically have performed in front of an audience on a regular basis or have recorded musical tracks or musical albums. (FreeBase)
website	A Website or (Web site) is a collection of web pages, typically common to a particular domain name or subdomain on the World Wide Web on the Internet. A web page is a document, typically written in HTML, that is almost always accessible via HTTP, a protocol that transfers information from the website's server to display in the user's Web browser.
politicalparty	organized political group that primarily aims for the attainment of political power and public office for its designated members.
beach	geological landform along the shoreline of an ocean, sea or lake. It usually consists of loose particles which are often composed of rock, such as sand, gravel, shingle, pebbles, waves or cobblestones
zoo	facility in which animals are confined within enclosures, displayed to the public, and in which they may also be bred.
monarch	A monarch is a person who heads a monarchy, such as a king or queen
cityhashospital	The city a hostpital is located in.
bakegoodistypicalincountry	Describes the typicall bakegoods of the countries
organizationleadbyperson	person leading an organization/company
placeofworshippracticesreligion	The religion practied in a place of worship.
countryproducesproduct	Describes the products produced by a country
agentowns	an agent owns any object, animal, product, company, etc.
dateevent	specifies that the duration of a particular event overlapped with a particular date.
politiciansponsoredpoliticsbill	Politician(s) sponsoring a particular legislative bill
subfieldofacademicfield	Subfields within a given academic field
stadiumhometoleague	specifies that a particular league uses a particular venue for its games
dateofsportsgame	the date on which this game occurred
subpartoforganization	one organization is a subpart of a larger, controlling organization
inverseofweaponmadeincountry	Describes the weapons produced by a country
monument	An architectural structure (usually public) which is erected to commemorate a person, place, event, or group.
meetingeventtitleinofficebuildingroom	In which room a particular meeting will take place
leaguecoaches	specifies that a particular coach coaches a team that plays in a particular league
inverseofanimalsuchasfish	Describes the fish that are from a specific type of animals
eventcausedbyevent	Any events that is caused by another event
biologicalfatherofperson	is biological father of a person
inverseofsportschoolincountry	Describes the sports practiced in a country
wineryproduceswine	Describes the wines sold by a winery
automobilemakercardealersinstateorprovince	Describes the car dealers in a state or province
inverseofmusicalartisthadapetanimal	Describes the pet animals that musical artists have or had
animalsuchasinsect	Describes the insect that are from a specific type of animals
candy	A food which is made primarily of sugar and generally sold for wide distribution.  This would include many dessert items, like pie and cake, that might not be strictly candy per se.
mammalcanbeirritatedbyarthropod	Arthropode that usually irritates mammal
magazinecontainspublication	Magazine in which a publication was published in
locationofitemexistence	An item that is typically found in a particular place.  While most any item could concievably exist at most any place, the intent for this relation and its children is to capture common knowledge about what would be expected to be found where.
sportnamehasoriginlanguage	Describes the origin language of the sports name
female	This category includes all female human beings.
politicianusmemberofpoliticalgroup	U.S. Politician who is member of a political group
weaponmadeincountry	Describes the weapons produced by a country
booksuchasbook	Describes the specific book types that are generalizations of actors
bookwriter	author of a book
winery	Companies that produce and sell wines
teamwontrophy	Trophies that a team has won
farmproducesagriculturalproduct	the agricultural products produced by a farm
organizationhasofficialwebsite	An official top-level URL for an organization's website
sporthassportsteamposition	The relation between a sport and team positions filled by athletes
arthropodcanbeveryirritatingtomammal	Arthropode that usually irritates mammal
inverseofsoftwareprogrammedinprogramminglanguage	Relates a software to its programming language
hasofficeincity	specifies that a particular company has offices in a particular city
organizationdissolvedatdate	The date on which a given organization was dissolved
releasedateexpectedfordrug	This predicate represents the relationship between a pharmaceutical substance and the date when it is expected to be approved for legal marketing.  For our purposes, the date will typically correspond to a date for FDA approval, but the relationship itself is not restricted to approval for sale in the United States.
inverseofathleteledsportsteam	Describes the athletes that lead/led a sports team
toolusedbyprofession	those who practice this profession use this tool
politicianusendorsedbypoliticianus	U.S. Politician that endorses another U.S. politician
inverseoflanguagespokenatisland	Describes languages spoken at islands
eventcausedevent	Any events that is caused by another event
politicsgroupconcernsissue	Issues that a political group has concern about
inverseofsportfansincountry	Describes the sports that have fans living in a country
countrycontainsfarm	The country a farm is located in
foodcancausedisease	Describes the diseases that can be caused by a food
visualartmovement	A tendency or style in art with a specific common philosophy or goal, followed by a group of artists during a restricted period of time, or, at least, with the heyday of the movement more or less strictly so restricted (usually a few months, years or decades) (FreeBase).  This does not include things that are merly genres, such as fantasy art or oceanic art.
eventinvolveditem	Umbrella relation for identifying items in events.
inverseofriveremptiesintoriver	Describes the tributaries of a river
inverseofcountryisthehomeofsportsteam	Describes the home country of sports teams
animalpreyson	Animals that are hunted and eaten by this animal.
personus	citizens of the U.S.A.
agentcompeteswithagent	Non-cooperative interaction.  Primary alternative to agentCollaboratesWithAgent.
agentparticipatedinevent	identifies participants in events
ceo	A CEO is the chief executive officer of a company.
teamplaysincity	The home city of a sports team, typically a location where the team frequently competes.
airportsuchasairport	Describes the airport types that are generalizations of specific aiports
colorofobject	Object has color (NEIL)
plantgrowinginplant	Describes the plants that grow on other plants
academicfield	A field of study is the field, area, or discipline which is the focus of study of a student or academic, or which is taught in a school.
colorassociatedwithvisualizableattribute	color and visualizableattribute are related
bridge	A bridge is a structure across water, valleys, railway cuts, areas of low elevation, or other features which are difficult to cross.
politicianusendorsespoliticianus	U.S. Politician that endorses another U.S. politician
persongraduatedfromuniversity	Describes the people graduated from a university
ceocanbethesameascelebrity	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
bacteriacancauseillnessfromfood	Describes the foods that bacterias can cause illness from
hotel	This type is intended to be used for hotels, bed and breakfasts, backpacker hostels, or any other such place you might stay while travelling
personeurope	citizens of countries in Europe
languageofuniversity	Language spoken at a college/university.
inverseofmeatcomesfromanimal	Describes the animals and their meat cuts
jobpositioncanbethesameaspoliticaloffice	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
automobilemakerdealersincity	Describes the car dealers in a city
createdbyagent	general relation to identify creation and authorships
automobilemakerdealersincountry	Describes the car dealers in a country
automobilemakerchiefexecutiveceo	Describes the CEOs of automobile maker companies
month	Twelve months of the year.
school	A school is an organization whose primary function is education. This category includes universities, K-12 schools and trade schools.
radiostation	A radio station is a broadcaster which transmits audio. This category includes broadcast radio, satellite radio and internet radio stations.
headquarteredin	specifies that a particular company is headquartered in a particular city
eventcausedbyagent	Companion to agentParticipatedInEvent.  Note that one needn't participate in an event in order to be a causal factor.
stadiumoreventvenue	A building where large spectator events (usually sporting events) take place.
personasia	citizens of countries in Asia
personhasage	the age of this person
visualartform	A categorization of the visual arts. An art form is a specific form for artistic expression to take.An art form more or less corresponds to the tools or materials used to create an art work (FreeBase)
toolssuchastools	Describes the tools types that are generalizations of specific tools
citylocatedingeopoliticallocation	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular geopolitical location
inverseofhobbiessuchashobbies	Describes the hobbies types that are generalizations of specific hobbies
stadiumoreventvenuedisclosescompany	Describes a stadium or event venue that discloses a company
criminalssuchascriminals	Describes the criminals types that are generalizations of specific criminals
geopoliticalorganization	Those geopolitical entities that are organizations
visualartistartform	The type of visual art that a visualArtist produces. Also known as an artist's medium.
comediancanbethesameasfemale	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
motherofperson	mother of a person
isoneoccurrenceof	Specifies the way in which a grouping of individual somethings can be referred to, including but not limited to relating the plural form to the singular.
athletessuchasathletes	Describes the specific athlete types that are generalizations of athletes
inverseofautomobilemakerdealersincity	Describes the car dealers in a city
victim	a victim of an event, could be a person, or a group of person, like childrens, students, soldiers, drivers, etc
touristattractionsuchastouristattraction	Describes the specific tourist attraction types that are generalizations of tourist attractions
island	any piece of land surrounded entirely by water
bodypartcontainsbodypart	indicates that one body part is contained inside another
athleteinjuredhisbodypart	Describes the athletes that had injured any body part
latitudelongitudeof	the latitude and longitude of this location, or the latitude and longitude typically associated with this thing
bankchiefexecutiveceo	Describes the CEOs of banks
ageofperson	the age of this person
inverseoflanguegeschoolincity	Describes the language schools for specific languages in a city
fooddecreasestheriskofdisease	Describes the foods that can reduce the risks of having a disease
roomcancontainfurniture	Relates furniture to rooms in which it is often found
mlauthorofsoftware	Specifies ML software that is written by a particular ML author
athleteplaysinleague	a group of athletic teams organized to promote mutual interests and to compete chiefly among themselves (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/league)
inverseofplantincludeplant	Describes the subcategories of a plant
bathroomitem	Any item that is commonly found in a bathroom or restroom.
physiologicalconditionpossiblytreatedbydrug	relates a substance to a condition that it might treat. This relation includes conditions that the substance has been designed or approved to treat, as well as conditions for which it is being investigated as a possible treatment.  Common folk remedies would also be eligible for this relation.  For example, it would be reasonable to say that chicken noodle soup is a possible treatment for colds.
disease	A disease is an abnormal condition of the human body that causes discomfort or impairs bodily functions. This type also includes medical conditions such as injuries, disabilities, disorders, syndromes, etc. that affect the normal functioning of a person, whether physically or mentally.
moviessuchasmovies	Describes the movies types that are generalizations of specific movies
agentstudiesphysiologicalcondition	This predicate holds between a HumanAgent and a condition, and means that the HumanAgent performs research related to condition.
inverseofathletefracturedbone	Bone fracture that an athlete had
drug	A drug is a chemical substance that has, or is reputed to have, a phyisological effect on an organism. Medicinal, herbal, and illegal drugs can be included in this type.
inverseofstadiumoreventvenuedisclosescompany	Describes a stadium or event venue that discloses a company
softwareisprogrammedinprogramminglanguage	Relates a software to its programming language
sportsgameawayteam	Specifies that a particular team is the away team in a particular sportsGame.
inverseofmusicgenressuchasmusicgenres	Describes the musicgenre types that are generalizations of specific musicgenres
fatherofperson	father of a person
inverseofanimaldevelopdisease	Describes the diseases that can be developed by an animal
yearofmarriage	This relation holds when a person married some other person in the specified year.
personmovedtostateorprovince	Describes the people that moved to live in a state or province
militaryeventtype	A military event type is simply a sub-type (or sub-category) of the category military event.
nondiseasecondition	Those physiologicalConditions that normal and expected parts of life (such as pregnancy or teething) that are not diseases but which do affect the normal functioning of the body.
politicsgroup	Organizations, which may or may not be part of the government, that act in the arenas of politics or government.
citysportsteams	The home city of a sports team, typically a location where the team frequently competes.
athletealsoknownas	this is another name for this athlete
inverseofanimalsuchasmollusk	Describes the mollusk that are from a specific type of animals
buildingbelongstoorganization	Which organization a building belongs to
itemusedatlocation	an item used in a specific place
parkincity	The city a park is located in.
mlauthor	A machine learning author is a person who has published research in the field of machine learning.
politicalgroupofpolitician	Specifies that a particular politician belongs to a particular
director	Movie directors.
animalsuchasmollusk	Describes the mollusk that are from a specific type of animals
hasfamilymember	two persons are family members
cityhastrainstation	The city a train station is in.
species	is one of the basic units of biological classification and a taxonomic rank. A species is often defined as a group of organisms capable of interbreeding and producing fertile offspring.
persondiedatage	the age at which this person died
televisionshowssuchastelevisionshows	Describes the televisionshows types that are generalizations of specific televisionshows
inverseofagriculturalproductincludingagriculturalproduct	Describes the agricultural products that are generalizations of other agriculture products
coachesathlete	to give instruction or advice to in the capacity of a coach; instruct (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/coach)
academicfieldhasperson	People trained or active in a given academic field
teammate	Two athletes are teammates if they play on the same team.
inverseofagriculturalproductgrowinginstateorprovince	Describes the agricultural products that are produced in a state or province
organizationhasagent	to be in the relation of a member, adherent, inhabitant, etc (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/belong)
arteriessuchasarteries	Describes the specific artery types that are generalizations of arteries
politicsbillsponsoredbypolitician	Politician(s) sponsoring a particular legislative bill
sportsgamewinnerscore	Specifies the score with which the winning team in a particular sportsGame lost.
personaustralia	citizens of Australia
sportusesstadium	Specifies that a particular sport is played in a particular venue
companyalsoknownas	this is another name for this company
locationrepresentedbypolitician	Describes the city, state, country or other location represented by a politician
athlete	An athlete is a person who plays a sport competitively.
inverseofwriterwasbornincity	Describes the city where a write was born in
race	A sport race is a competition of speed, against an objective criterion, usually a clock or to a specific point. The competitors in a race try to complete a given task in the shortest amount of time. Typically this involves traversing some distance, but it can be any other task involving speed to reach a specific goal.
professiontypehasprofession	Type-specific generalization of professions.
thinghascolor	Object has color (NEIL)
inverseofcoachcanspeaklanguage	Describes the languages that coaches might speak
inverseofvegetableisproducedatcountry	Describes the countries that are big produces of vegetables
agentcreated	general relation to identify creation and authorships
grainusedtomakecandy	grain and candy are related
countryresidenceofperson	the country that a person has residence in
coach	A coach is a trainer for a sports team. He leads the team in exercises and manages the team during gameplay. This category includes assistant coaches and other trainers.
bank	Umbrella category for all kinds of banks
writercanbethesameaspersonafrica	Describes writers that are the same instances as personafrica
inversoofairportsuchasairport	Describes the airport types that are generalizations of specific aiports
inverseofamphibiansuchasamphibian	Describes the amphibian types that are generalizations of specific amphibians
sportsteam	A sports team is a group of athletes who play a sport together competitively
recipe	A recipe is a method of preparing a dish.  Dishes may have multiple recipes.  For instance, there may be many different recipes for chocolate chip cookies.
wine	Types of wines or specific vintanges of particular wineries
terroristorganization	an organization that is involved in terrorist activities.
comediancanbethesameasmale	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
sportsgameteam	Specifies the teams that played in a particular sports game
locationofpersondeath	the location that a person died in
protein	Proteins are any complex organic compounds that consist of one or more chains of amino acids. Proteins are typically essential components of any living cell and indispensable to the proper functioning of all organisms.
product	none
meetingeventtitlehasmeetingeventtype	What series of meetings a particular meeting belongs to, or what kind of a meeting it is
religionofperson	The religion to which a person has belonged.
inverseofvegetablecanbeservedwithgrain	Describes the vegetables that are usually served with a grain
locationexistsatdate	Most general location-to-date relation.  Note that locations are not eternal.
musicianplaysinstrument	Specifies that a musical instrument is played by a paritcular musician
organizationalsoknownas	this is another name for this organization
teammember	to join together in a team (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/team)
locationlocatedwithinlocation	a location that is a subpart of another location
inverseofhotelwasbuiltatfarm	Describes hotels built at farms
inverseofreligionssuchasreligions	Describes the religions types that are generalizations of specific religions
writerwasbornincity	Describes the city where a write was born in
scientificterm	a scientific term for prerequisite detection (currently ML and AI focused)
countrylocatedingeopoliticallocation	specifies that a particular country is located in a particular geopolitical entity
haswife	person has a wife
personineconomicsector	People who work in a given economic sector
actorworkedwithdirector	Relates the actors and directors that at least once worked together
transportationincity	City of a transportation system.
placeofworship	A place of worship is a building which is used by members of a religion for worship.
convention	a large meeting, such as the Star Trek Convention
bankboughtbank	Describes the banks that bought other banks
cityhotels	The city a hotel is located in.
awardtrophytournamentwasawardedonstadium	Stadium of event venue where a award trophy tournament was at least once awarded
agentholdssharesincompany	Any organization, person, or geopolitical entity that holds shares (majority or otherwise) of the given company.
automodelproducedbymaker	this automobile manufacturer produces this particular automobile make or model
latitudelongitude	the latitude and longitude of this location, or the latitude and longitude typically associated with this thing
clothingmadefromplant	Describes the clothing items made of a plant
inverseofmusicsongisatrackofmusicalbum	Identifies a music song which is a track of a music album
arthropod	Arthropods are members of the phylum Arthropoda.
country	The type country in Freebase can and should be used with a variety of topics. The most common will be probably be current and former independent nations, potentially including composite entities such as empires. It can also be used for autonomous entities within such a composite, such as the four current constituent countries (England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, and Wales) of the United Kingdom.  Anything having an ISO country code qualifies as a country, including contested countries like Taiwan, and including territories of minor or no population.
meetingeventtitlehasspeakingperson	Who will be speaking at a particular meeting
tool	none
buildingfeaturemadefrombuildingmaterial	Describes the building features that are made of a building material
teamplayssport	The sport that a team plays.
radiostationincity	Specifies that a particular radio station is headquarted in a particular city
eventdate	specifies that the duration of a particular event overlapped with a particular date.
objectpartofobject	meronym
householditem	Any item that could reasonably be found in or about a residence.
agentleadsorganization	General relation as with certain political positions, we have an agent that controls the thing that he works for
roomcancontainitem	Relates items to rooms in which they are often found
visualartformartist	The type of visual art that a visualArtist produces. Also known as an artist's medium.
software	software that runs on a computer.
athletewinsawardtrophytournament	Describes the athletes who won an award trophy tournament
crustaceanisatypeofarthropod	Hyponym Relation
birdmayconsumeprotein	Describes the proteins eaten by a bird
inverseofbacteriaisthecausativeagentofphysiologicalcondition	Describes the bacterias that causes physiological conditions
automakerproducesmodel	this automobile manufacturer produces this particular automobile make or model
personbylocation	Parent category to break up people by regional/national location, which exists as a way to constrain some of the political predicates to the U.S.  For simplicity of decision-making, we use citizenship as the rule for belongingness in these categories; this is probably good enough for what we want to do with the political predicates.
beverage	A liquid meant for human consumption
animalthatfeedoninsect	Describes the animals that feed on Insects
personhasethnicity	The ethnicity of a person
topmemberoforganization	Identifies people in high-level, leading positions at organizations.  Applicable positions have authority over the entire organization (e.g. presidents, VPs, directors, and C-level executives), not merely over departments or subsidiaries.
inverseofarterycalledartery	Describes the names an artery can be called
locationactedinbyorganization	location of an organization or company
musicsong	A song is any musical work including instrumentals as well as songs with lyrics.
inverseofstateorprovinceattainstrainstation	Describes the trainstantions location (state or province)
athletehomestadium	a sports arena, usually oval or horseshoe-shaped, with tiers of seats for spectators (which is home for an athlete) (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/stadium)
buildingfeature	Any physical property or physical attribute that a building might have.
coachwontrophy	specifies that a particular coach coaches a team that won a particular award or trophy
inverseofmalemovedtostateorprovince	Describes the male people that moved to live in a state or province
cityoforganizationheadquarters	The city where a given organization is headquartered
aquarium	the aquatic counterpart of a zoo, housing living aquatic species for viewing
trainstation	railway station (mainly British Commonwealth) or railroad station (mainly US)) is a railway facility where trains regularly stop to load or unload passengers or freight (goods). It generally consists of a platform next to the tracks and a building (depot) providing related services such as ticket sales and waiting rooms.
statecontainsfarm	The state/province a farm is located in
locationofpersonbirth	the location that a person is born in
militaryconflict	A military conflict is any event that involves armed forces acting in hostility. This includes wars, battles, and guerilla actions.
academicfieldconcernssubject	Subjects of study within a given academic field
objectfoundinscene	Object found in scene (NEIL)
personborninstateorprovince	the state or province that a person was born in
companyceo	specifies that a particular CEO is the CEO of a particular company
museumincity	The city that a museum is located in
meetingeventtitle	The title of a meeting (such as a presentation)
artery	Arteries are muscular blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart.
food	A food is any edible substance with nutritional value, whether it's a basic foodstuff like rice or apples, or a commercial product like Poptarts or I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.  Nutritional value encompasses anything useful for growth or life, such as water, so long as the organism gets it through ingestion.
sportsgamedate	the date on which this game occurred
eventsupereventof	event that is happened as a sub-event of another event
inverseoffooddecreasestheriskofdisease	Describes the foods that can reduce the risks of having a disease
inverseofbuildingfeaturebuiltabovelak	buildingfeature and lake are related
inverseofathletebeatathlete	Describes the athletes whom beat other athletes
muscle	A muscle is a contractile form of tissue which animals use to effect movement.
musicartistmusician	Specifies that a particular musician has performed as particular musicArtist
agriculturalproductcanbethesameasvegetable	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
riverflowsthroughcity	Rivers that flow or through or immediately adjacent to the city.
inverseofcoachworksincountry	Describes the country where a coach works
poem	This type is for all kinds of poems, from epics to doggerel.
cityhasshoppingmall	The city a shopping mall is located in.
farmlocatedinstate	The state/province a farm is located in
mlsoftware	A software package that offers machine learning functionality
countryhascitizen	the citizenship of a person
superpartof	a portion or division of a whole that is separate or distinct; piece, fragment, fraction, or section; constituent (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/part)
productinstances	Specifies that a particular product is a particular kind of thing
videogamesystem	includes any form of electronic game device, from handheld units as small as a phone to large powerful computer systems and even arcade coin-operated systems.
organizationhasbuilding	Which organization a building belongs to
personbelongstoorganization	organization or company that person is belonged to
highway	is a public road, especially a major road connecting two or more destinations.
mlareaexpert	specifies that a particular ML author is an expert in a particular ML area
traditionalgame	Includes all non-sports, non-electronic games including board games, parlor games and card games.
televisionstationincity	The city where a TV station is located or broadcasts to.
musicianinmusicartist	Specifies that a particular musician has performed as particular musicArtist
currencycountry	specifies that a particular country uses a particular currency
inverseofemotionassocietedwithdisease	Describes the emotions associated with a disease
economicsectorhasperson	People who work in a given economic sector
journalistwritesforpublication	specifies that a particular journalist writes for a particular publication
statecontainscity	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular state or province
sportsgamesport	Specifies the sport that was played in a particular sportsGame.
transportation	a mode of travel, such as rail transport or automobile. It is a category defining a means of moving from one location to another.
arthropodcalledarthropod	Describes the names an artery can be called
actor	An actor is a person who performs in movies, television, plays, or other forms of entertainment.
hassister	person has a sister
mammal	Mammals (formally Mammalia) are a class of vertebrate, air-breathing animals whose females are characterized by the possession of mammary glands while both males and females are characterized by hair and/or fur, three middle ear bones used in hearing, and a neocortex region in the brain.
politicianholdsoffice	Specifies that a particular politician holds a particular office
boardgame	Games played with physical pieces on a board (electronic games not allowed)
cityuniversities	The city a university is located in.
arthropodbesometimesconfusewithinsect	Arthropodes that usually are confunded by insects
countryofpersondeath	the country that a person died in
sportsportsgameexample	Specifies the sport that was played in a particular sportsGame.
atdate	assigns dates to things.
citymuseums	The city that a museum is located in
person	A person is a human being (man, woman or child) known to have actually existed. Living persons, celebrities and politicians are persons, as are deceased persons.
personhasreligion	The religion to which a person has belonged.
languageschoolincity	Describes the language schools for specific languages in a city
proxyof	one thing can be taken to refer to another, but the reverse is not necessarily or equally so
politicianusholdsoffice	U.S. Politician who holds an office
inverseofawardtrophytournamentisthechampionshipgameofthenationalsport	Describes award trophy tournaments related to specific sports
cognitiveactions	pertaining to the action or process of knowing (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_science)
publicationjournalist	specifies that a particular journalist writes for a particular publication
productproducedincountry	Describes the products produced by a country
inverseofbankchiefexecutiveceo	Describes the CEOs of banks
geometricshape	geometrical information that remains when location, scale and rotational effects are filtered out from an object (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_geometric_shapes)
winningscoreofsportsgame	Specifies the score with which the winning team in a particular sportsGame lost.
schoolgraduatedperson	This holds when the person has graduated from the educational institution at some time. This includes high schools, say, as well as universities. A division of an institution (Yale Business School) will be scored as the same answer as the institution as a whole (Yale).
hospitalincity	The city a hostpital is located in.
mldataset	A dataset used in machine learning
beveragecontainsprotein	Describes the proteins contained in beverages
mlalgorithm	Any algorithm or class of algorithms that is used at any stage of machine learning.
haswikipediaurl	The Wikipedia page for a given category instance
academicprogramatuniversity	this academic program is offered by this university
sportteam	The sport that a team plays.
sportsgamewinner	Specifies that a particular team that played in a particular sportsGame was the winner thereof.
inverseofclothmadeofplant	Plants that can be used to make cloths
agriculturalproductcookedwithagriculturalproduct	Describes the agricultural products that are usually cooked with another agricultural product
inverseofathletesuchasathlete	Describes the specific athlete types that are generalizations of athletes
officeheldbypolitician	Specifies that a particular politician holds a particular office
citycapitalofstate	The capital city of a state, where the main governing apparatus is located.
blog	A blog (or weblog) is a user-generated website where entries are made in journal style and displayed in a reverse chronological order. Blogs often provide commentary or news on a particular subject, such as food, politics, or local news; some function as more personal online diaries.
hallwayitem	Any item that is commonly found in a hallway.
actorstarredinmovie	to perform as an actor (in movie) (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/act)
sport	A game which involves some form of physical prowess (i.e. athleticism, as opposed to the physical prowess needed for a parlour game like Pin the Tail on the Donkey).  Note that this does not include non-game sports; those may be hobbies instead.
flooritem	Any item that is commonly found on the floor
athleteplayedforschool	The school that an athlete used to play for its team
coachesteam	specifies that a particular coach coaches a particular team
personhasresidenceinlocation	the location that person has residence in
inverseofagriculturalproductcontainchemical	Describes the agricultural products that contain a chemical
conferencessuchasconferences	Describes the conferences types that are generalizations of specific conferences
language	Spoken human languages (and dialects).
visualappearanceof	The NEIL-learned visual appearance of something
wineryatfarm	farm and winery are related
stadiumhometoathlete	a sports arena, usually oval or horseshoe-shaped, with tiers of seats for spectators (which is home for an athlete) (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/stadium)
countryalsoknownas	this is another name for this country
athletecoach	to give instruction or advice to in the capacity of a coach; instruct (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/coach)
deathageofperson	the age at which this person died
islandhasskiarea	Describes island that have ski a area
arthropodsuchascrustacean	Hyponym Relation
itemexistsatdate	a item exists in a determined time (or date)
officebuildingroom	A room designation such as would be used for rooms in an office building
meat	A type of animal flesh that is used as food. (Wikipedia)
visualartistartmovement	The art movements or styles that a visualArtist is associated with.
leaguestadiums	specifies that a particular league uses a particular venue for its games
hashusband	person has a husband
hasbrother	person has a brother
physiologicalcondition	Most instances will be diseases or other abnormalities.  However, this category also includes conditions such as pregnancy or teething that are entirely normal and expected, but which are nevertheless exception and can require extra care.
inverseofinvertebratehascolor	Describes the color of invertebrates
politicianmemberofpoliticsgroup	Specifies that a particular politician belongs to a particular
airport	A place where airplanes, helicopters, or other flying vehicles land and take off
inverseofbakedgoodservedwithbeverage	Describes the baked goods that are usually served with a beverage
citylocatedinstate	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular state or province
jobposition	Positions are job titles or named roles within an organization. Examples include CEO, President, mayor, vice president for research, sergeant, etc. They do not include generic activities or career terms like pianist, researcher, scientist, etc.
personbirthdate	the date on which this person was born
vegetableisproducedatcountry	Describes the countries that are big produces of vegetables
county	Intermediate administrative region between state/province and local munincipal.  This category also encompasses customary abberations, such as the boroughs of the City of Greater New York being treated as logically equivalent to counties.
astronaut	An astronaut is a person that has flown in outer space. Not used for animals sent to space experimentally.
conceptprerequisiteof	Prerequisite relationship between scientific terms (currently biased towards ML and AI areas)
inverseofagriculturalproductcutintogeometricshape	Describes the agricultural products that are usually cut into geometric shapes
wallitem	Any item that is commonly found on a wall
inverseofmammaleatsinsect	Describes the insects that mammals eats
inverseofarthropodandotherarthropod	Describes similar arthropods
organizationheadquarteredinstateorprovince	The state or province where a given organization is headquartered
dateoforganzationdissolution	The date on which a given organization was dissolved
atlocation	assigns locations to things.
museum	A museum is a permanent institution in the service of society and of its development, open to the public, which acquires, conserves, researches, communicates and exhibits the tangible and intangible heritage of humanity and its environment, for the purposes of education, study, and enjoyment, as defined by the International Council of Museums.
persondiedinstateorprovince	the state or province that a person died in
videogame	A video game is a piece of interactive software used primarily for entertainment, including computer games, console games, arcade games, and hand-held games. However, this category excludes video game consoles.
inverseofagriculturalproducttoattractinsect	Describes the agricultural products that attract insects
persondiedincountry	the country that a person died in
winneringame	Specifies that a particular team that played in a particular sportsGame was the winner thereof.
coachcanspeaklanguage	Describes the languages that coaches might speak
inverseoffishservedwithfood	Describes the kind of food that are tipically serverd with a fish
officeheldbypoliticianus	U.S. Politician who holds an office
producesproducttype	Specifies that a particular compnay produces a particular type of product
televisioncompanyaffiliate	The network that a TV station gets its programming from
currency	A currency is money that is used (or has been used) as a medium of exchange
athletecanbethesameasactor	Describes actors that are the same instances as athlete
agriculturalproductcomingfromvertebrate	Describes the agricultural products that come from a vertebrate
personafrica	citizens of countries in Africa
creativeworkcontributedtobyagent	Specifies that a particular agent contributed to the production or creation of a particular creativeWork.  An actor in a movie contributes to that movie, but agentCreated would probably be to strong an assertion for that.
countryhascompanyoffice	specifies that a particular company has offices in a particular country
directorworkedwithactor	Relates the actors and directors that at least once worked together
isshorterthan	Indicates that arg1 has a greater height than arg2
inverseofarchaeasuchasarchaea	Describes the specific archaea types that are generalizations of archaeas
stadiumalsoknownas	this is another name for this stadium or event venue
event	An event is a topic that can be described by the time or date at which it happened. Long-lasting events may be described as occurring between two dates. It is sometimes appropriate to create abstract events, as collections of other events
schoolattendedbyperson	person has attended a school
issueofpoliticsgroup	Issues that a political group has concern about
languageofcountry	Typical language spoken in a country (official or otherwise)
statehascapital	The capital city of a state, where the main governing apparatus is located.
sportsteampositionforsport	The relation between a sport and team positions filled by athletes
meetingeventtitleatdate	When a particular meeting will take place
musicinstrument	A Musical instrument is a device constructed or modified with the purpose of making music. In principle, anything that produces sound, and can somehow be controlled by a musician, can serve as a musical instrument. (See e.g. the hardart.)
clothing	This type is for kinds of garments or clothing.  For lack of a meaningful way to constrain this category through definition or existent sibling categories, particularly when it comes to adorning the body for purposes of fashion (e.g. jewlery, colored contact lenses, costumery) or of utility (e.g. armor, kneepads or other sports equipment, corrective lenses), this will include anything wearable.
arthropodandotherarthropod	Describes similar arthropods
itemexistsatlocation	An item that is typically found in a particular place.  While most any item could concievably exist at most any place, the intent for this relation and its children is to capture common knowledge about what would be expected to be found where.
ownedbyagent	an agent owns any object, animal, product, company, etc.
stateorprovinceofpersondeath	the state or province that a person died in
issueofpoliticsbill	Issues that a legislative billl is concerned with.
nongovorganization	Politically-active or governmentally-active organizations that are not part of the government, including but not limited to some NGOs
inverseofpersonmovedtostateorprovince	Describes the people that moved to live in a state or province
skyscrapercontainsrestaurant	Describes restaurants located in skyscrapers
animal	A collection of common-sense animals, more understandable to children than biologists.  It's OK to include both general kinds of animals, such as bird, but also common varieties of birds such as finch and robin. (FreeBase)  As with plant, any mortal action upon an animal or action on a dead animal that results in something with a new name (e.g. milking, shearing, slaughtering, or cooking it) results in something that is no longer an animal.
diseasemaybecausedbydrug	Describes a disease that can be caused by a drug
parentofperson	parent of a person
invertebrateturnintoinsect	Describes the metamorphosis of some invertebrates into another insects
inverseofarteryarisesfromartery	Describes the arteries that arises from other arteries
mediatype	the means of communication, as radio and television, newspapers, and magazines, that reach or influence people widely (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/media)
agent	a person or business authorized to act on another's behalf; a person or thing that acts or has the power to act; a natural force or object producing or used for obtaining specific results (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/agent), and more generally, anything that can exhibit agency, such as non-human life forms.
attractionofcity	The city that an attraction is located in
proxyfor	one thing can be taken to refer to another, but the reverse is not necessarily or equally so
dateofpersonbirth	the date on which this person was born
agriculturalproductgrowinginstateorprovince	Describes the agricultural products that are produced in a state or province
athleteplayssport	to engage in (a game, pastime, etc.) (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/play)
countryoforganizationheadquarters	The country where a given organization is headquartered
musicsongisatrackofmusicalbum	Identifies a music song which is a track of a music album
coachstudiedatuniversity	Describes the university where the coach studied at
biotechcompany	A company in a biotechnology field, including pharmaceutical companies.
jobpositionusesacademicfield	Academic fields useful for job positions
physicalcharacteristic	Features of a substance that are primarily sensory (physical) and generally measurable (businessdictionary.com)
inverseofnewpaperhaswebsite	Present the oficial website of a newspaper
mammalsuchasmammal	Describes the specific actors types that are generalizations of actors
organizationhasperson	organization or company that person is belonged to
vehicleistypeofvehicle	Type-specific generalization of vehicles.
objectcontainsobject	meronym
musicalartisthadapetanimal	Describes the pet animals that musical artists have or had
bodypart	Refers to any part of the human body. It can be either visible to the naked eye (gross anatomical structure) or microscopic.
inverseofagriculturalproductcookedwithagricultureproduct	Describes the agricultural products that are usually cooked with another agricultural product
physicsterm	Any word with a specific meaning in the physics domain
zipcodeinlocation	Describes one or more locations to which a zipcode may correspond.
itemfoundinroom	Relates items to rooms in which they are often found
specializationof	one thing is a more specific kind of another thing
vein	A vein is a blood vessel that carries blood toward the heart.
university	A university is a post-high school educational institution. This category includes colleges and technical schools.
organizationrepresentedbyagent	Specialization of proxyFor for agent-to-organization relations. populate=false only because presumed to be uninteresting
religionusesplaceofworship	The religion practied in a place of worship.
instrumentplayedbymusician	Specifies that a musical instrument is played by a paritcular musician
personinacademicfield	People trained or active in a given academic field
city	City/town/village refers to all named inhabited places at the most locally recognized level, but above the level of neighborhood. It is the most local region where there is a form of government or self-organization.   Cities/towns/villages are larger than neighborhoods, and are typically contained within a larger administrative division such as a county, department, province, etc. It should be noted, however, that large or significant cities may themselves also function as higher-level administrative divisions.   For more information, please see the Freebase wiki page on City/Town/Village.
awardtrophytournament	Sports award is a CVT which connects together the winner of a sports award, the award they won, the season for which they won the award and the team they represented (if applicable).
mlconference	A conference in the area of machine learning
reptile	Reptiles are animals in the (Linnaean) class Reptilia. They are characterized by breathing air, laying tough-shelled amniotic eggs, and having skin covered in scales and/or scutes.
publicationpublishedinmagazine	Magazine in which a publication was published in
attractionbefallincity	Attraction occurs in the city
personhasparent	parent of a person
personleadscity	specifies that a particular person is the leader (e.g. Mayor) of a particular city
wineproducedbywinery	Describes the wines sold by a winery
mammalinducesemotion	The emotion that human beings generally have by looking at a mammal
emotion	Emotion is the complex psychophysiological experience of an individual's state of mind as interacting with biochemical (internal) and environmental (external) influences (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emotion)
persongraduatedschool	This holds when the person has graduated from the educational institution at some time. This includes high schools, say, as well as universities. A division of an institution (Yale Business School) will be scored as the same answer as the institution as a whole (Yale).
loseringame	Specifies that a particular team that played in a particular sportsGame was the loser thereof.
fungus	Member of kingom fungi.
personmexico	citizens of Mexico
statelocatedingeopoliticallocation	specifies that a particular state or province is located in a particular geopolitical location
musclelocatedinbodypart	Describes the muscles in body parts
statehaslake	The state/province a river is in.
color	Color (or colour) is the visual perceptual property corresponding in humans to the categories called red, yellow, white, etc.
ismultipleof	Specifies the way in which a grouping of individual somethings can be referred to, including but not limited to relating the plural form to the singular.
moviestaractor	to perform as an actor (in movie) (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/act)
personwrittenaboutinpublication	Specifies that a particular person has been written about in a particular publication
creditunion	Banks that are credit unions
hasvisualappearance	The NEIL-learned visual appearance of something
directordirectedmovie	to direct a monvie
visualizablescene	a visual scene (for NEIL's scene classifiers)
producesproduct	Specifies that a particular compnay produces a particular product
personbornincountry	the country that a person was born in
personhasjobposition	This relation holds when the person has held the position at some point in some organization.
profession	The career or job which a person performs for most of their working life, or for which they are best known (FreeBase)
inverseofcompanyproducesvideogamesystem	company produces a video game system
inverseofmoviessuchasmovies	Describes the movies types that are generalizations of specific movies
trophywonbycoaches	specifies that a particular coach coaches a team that won a particular award or trophy
geopoliticallocationcontainsstate	specifies that a particular state or province is located in a particular geopolitical location
airportincity	The city an airport is located in.
athletebeatathlete	Describes the athletes whom beat other athletes
personborninlocation	the location that a person is born in
inverseofdiseasemaybecausedbydrug	Describes a disease that can be caused by a drug
politicianuswenttoschool	Describes the school where a US politician studied
televisionstationaffiliatedwith	The network that a TV station gets its programming from
personalsoknownas	this is another name for this person
park	Public local/state/national parks, as well as amusement parks and other privately-run attractions.
typeproducedby	Specifies that a particular compnay produces a particular type of product
trophywonbyteam	Trophies that a team has won
invertebratehascolor	Describes the color of invertebrates
organizationcreatedbyperson	The person, organization, or geopoiltical entity that founded the given organization
stateorprovince	In general, the top-level administrative or political subdivision within a country.
teamhomestadium	The stadium or other sporting venue which a team designates as its home. Typically, a large percentage of the team's games occur in this location.
agentworkedondrug	This predicate relates a substance and a HumanAgent who is responsible for it.  Responsibility is understoond relatively broadly, and includes people or organizations responsible for the substance's discovery or marketing and manufacturing.  Additionally, agents that own the rights to the substance are also eligible to participate in this relationship.  Note that the humanAgent category include organizations, including universities, companies, and government agencies.
universityledmusicfestival	identifies the university that led a Musical Festival
crimeorchargeofperson	Charges or crimes (alleged or convicted) of the given person
sociopolitical	Any socio-political word (?!)
farm	an area of land, including various structures, devoted primarily to the practice of producing and managing food (produce, grains, or livestock), fibres and, increasingly, fuel.
attractionmadeofbuildingmaterial	Describes the materials used to build attractions
bankbankincountry	Describes the banks in a country
medicalprocedure	The medical treatment type is used for any medical intervention designed to treat and cure human diseases and medical conditions. This type includes both curative and palliative treatments
mountainrange	A mountain range is a group of mountains bordered by lowlands or separated from other mountain ranges by passes or rivers.
inverseofmammalsuchasmammal	Describes the specific actors types that are generalizations of actors
clothingtogowithclothing	Describes clothing pieces that should (or can) be used with each other
beveragemadefrombeverage	Describes the names an artery can be called
personhascitizenship	the citizenship of a person
bakedgood	A food which is made through baking in an oven
buildinghostsmeetingeventtitle	In which building a particular meeting will take place
olympics	are a major international event featuring summer and winter sports, in which thousands of athletes participate in a variety of competitions. The Games are currently held every two years, with Summer and Winter Olympic Games alternating, although they occur every four years within their respective seasonal games.
inverseoffoodcancausedisease	Describes the diseases that can be caused by a food
programminglanguage	A language used to give instructions to a computer
televisionstation	A television station is a broadcaster which transmits television (audio & video).
professionistypeofprofession	Type-specific generalization of professions.
cityattractions	The city that an attraction is located in
inverseofvideogamessuchasvideogames	Describes the videogame types that are generalizations of specific videogames
planet	is a celestial body orbiting a star or stellar remnant that is massive enough to be rounded by its own gravity, is not massive enough to cause thermonuclear fusion, and has cleared its neighbouring region of planetesimals
petroleumrefiningcompany	a company in the petroleum sector
agentrepresentsorganization	Specialization of proxyFor for agent-to-organization relations. populate=false only because presumed to be uninteresting
inverseofbankbankincountry	Describes the banks in a country
hassibling	two persons are siblings
equipmentusedbysport	Specifies equipment that is used by a particular sport.
countriessuchascountries	Describes the countries types that are generalizations of specific countries
cityofpersondeath	the city that a person died in
tradeunion	A trade union (aka labor union) is an organization which represents workers in a certain industry or profession.
time	a specific time
personsouthamerica	citizens of countries in South America
personchargedwithcrime	Charges or crimes (alleged or convicted) of the given person
productinstanceof	Specifies that a particular product is a particular kind of thing
furniturefoundinroom	Relates furniture to rooms in which it is often found
automobilemaker	A company that manufactures motor-powered vehicles (eg., cars, motorcycles, buses, trucks and motorized bikes)
languagespokenatisland	Describes languages spoken at islands
humanagent	Those things to which we can ascribe agency that are composed of one or more humans
inverseofautomobilemakerchiefexecutiveceo	Describes the CEOs of automobile maker companies
politicsblog	A blog substantially and charactarizably, but not exclusively, devoted to politics or political issues.  A general current-events blog such as might be equated with a general newspaper should not be classified as a politicsBlog, although an identifyable subsection or the blog of a particular staff member could be.
personhasbiologicalmother	is biological mother of a person
leagueteams	The league that a team plays in.
agentrelatedtolocation	Most general agent-to-location relation
trail	Trails for hiking, walking, biking, or even driving.  Routes with street addresses cannot be trails.
femalecanbethesameascomedian	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
inverseofattractionmadeofbuildingmaterial	Describes the materials used to build attractions
organizationcreatedatdate	The date on which a given organization was founded
countrystates	The country which the state or province is a part of.
automobileengine	The engine type is to be used to classify specific powerplants used in an automobile. These may be year-specific, but more frequently they often span multiple years, models, makes and generations.
criminal	a person who commits a crime
amphibian	Amphibians (class Amphibia, from Amphi- meaning on both sides and -bios meaning life), such as frogs, salamanders, and caecilians, are ectothermic (or cold-blooded) animals that metamorphose from a juvenile water-breathing form, either to an adult air-breathing form, or to a paedomorph that retains some juvenile characteristics.
shoppingmallincity	The city a shopping mall is located in.
organizationheadquarteredincity	The city where a given organization is headquartered
cityhasstreet	this street is at least partly inside this city
writer	A writer is a person who produces written work. This category includes book authors, poets and playwrights.
vegetable	An edible plant or part of a plant other than a sweet fruit or seed. This usually means the leaf, stem, or root of a plant.  This is meant to dovetail with the more botanical definition we have of fruit, and to not allow cullinary / colloquial vegetables that qualify for membership in our fruit category.  Mushrooms are not vegetables.
geopoliticallocationresidenceofpersion	the geopolitical location that person has residence in
producedby	Specifies that a particular compnay produces a particular product
condiment	A sauce or seasoning added to food to impart a particular flavor or to complement the dish. (Wikipedia)
subpartof	a portion or division of a whole that is separate or distinct; piece, fragment, fraction, or section; constituent (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/part)
inverseofwineryatfarm	farm and winery are related
trainstationincity	The city a train station is in.
teamcoach	specifies that a particular coach coaches a particular team
geopoliticallocation	Those geopolitical entities that are location
inverseofaquariumsuchasaquarium	Describes the specific aquarium types that are generalizations of aquariums
inverseofautomobilemakerdealersincountry	Describes the car dealers in a country
arachnidssuchasarachnids	Describes the specific arachnid types that are generalizations of arachnids
iteminvolvedinevent	Umbrella relation for identifying items in events.
locationcontainslocation	a location that is a subpart of another location
inverseofanimalssuchasmammals	Describes the animal types that are generalizations of mammals
televisionnetwork	Category for different types of TV networks (currently closed-world, limited to major American networks)
sportsgameloser	Specifies that a particular team that played in a particular sportsGame was the loser thereof.
professor	A faculty member at a university or college
bacteriaisthecausativeagentofphysiologicalcondition	Describes the bacterias that causes physiological conditions
relatedto	associated; connected (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/related)
competeswith	specifies that a particular company has been in competition with another particular company
scientist	A scientist is a professional who performs research to discover the rules which govern the natural world. This category includes mathematicians, even though math isn't really a science.
zooincity	The city a zoo is located in
inverseoftouristattraction	Describes the specific tourist attraction types that are generalizations of tourist attractions
coachworksincountry	Describes the country where a coach works
stadiumhometosport	Specifies that a particular sport is played in a particular venue
clothmadeofplant	Plants that can be used to make cloths
hotelbuiltatpark	hotel and park are related
comedian	a person who makes a living by making you laugh
architectssuchasarchitects	Describes the specific architect types that are generalizations of architects
personcanada	citizens of Canada
writecanbethesameasscientist	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
cityaquariums	The city an aquarium is located in.
year	Four-digit years
countryisthehomeofsportsteam	Describes the home country of sports teams
inverseofvegetableproductioninstateorprovince	Describes the vegetables produced in a state or province
actorcanbethesameasathlete	Describes actors that are the same instances as athlete
visualartmovementartist	The art movements or styles that a visualArtist is associated with.
mlarea	A specific area of investigation within the sub-field of machine learning.
languageofcity	Typical language spoken in a city (official or otherwise)
animalsuchasfish	Describes the fish that are from a specific type of animals
crustacean	form a very large group of arthropods, usually treated as a subphylum, which includes such familiar animals as crabs, lobsters, crayfish, shrimp, krill and barnacles. Like other arthropods, crustaceans have an exoskeleton, which they moult to grow. They are distinguished from other groups of arthropods, such as insects, myriapods and chelicerates by the possession of biramous (two-parted) limbs, and by the nauplius form of the larvae.
hotelwasbuiltatfarm	Describes hotels built at farms
lyrics	Refernce to the lyrics of a song, as distinct from a reference to the song itself
coachesinleague	specifies that a particular coach coaches a team that plays in a particular league
sportsequipment	Anything which is used to play a sport
dayofweek	Seven named days of the week
agentcreatedorganization	The person, organization, or geopoiltical entity that founded the given organization
inverseofathletewinsawardtrophytournament	Describes the athletes who won an award trophy tournament
cityparks	The city a park is located in.
musicalbum	A collection of Musical Tracks (recordings of Songs) released in a common format such as Compact Disc or LP. An album is typically associated with a single Musical Artist unless it is a compilation, which is a collection of tracks by various artists.  (FreeBase)
cityhascompanyoffice	specifies that a particular company has offices in a particular city
inverseofbuildingispartofuniversity	Describes buildings that universities might own
officebuildingroominbuilding	Which office-style building a particular room is found in
sideeffectcausedbydrug	This predicate indicates that the use of a drug has a physiologicalCondition as a side-effect.  Uses of this predicate may include both very common side-effects, and rare but reported side-effects.
oilgasfield	An field from which oil or natural gas are extracted.
streetincity	this street is at least partly inside this city
magazineisleadbyceo	Identifies the CEO of a Magazine
inverseofanimalsuchasinvertebrate	Describes the invertebrate that are from a specific type of animals
inverseofmammalinducesemotion	The emotion that human beings generally have by looking at a mammal
musicgenreartist	Specifies that a musicArtist performs in a particular genre
thinghasshape	Object has shape (NEIL)
chemical	A chemical compound is a molecular substance consisting of multiple atoms which are bonded together by a chemical reaction. This type can be used for compounds made of the same element (e.g. allotropes) or multiple different elements. Compounds are different from chemical mixtures because mixtures can be mixed and separated physically, without a reaction; The elements of the periodic table
legume	plant in the family Fabaceae (or Leguminosae), or a fruit of these specific plants. A legume fruit is a simple dry fruit that develops from a simple carpel and usually dehisces (opens along a seam) on two sides.
inverseofbeveragecontainsprotein	Describes the proteins contained in beverages
musicgenre	A style or classification of music (FreeBase)
organization	An organization is an organized body of members or people with a particular purpose; in the Freebase context, a organization doesn't have a business association, like a company.  Companies have their own type in the business domain, located here.  In addition, many types of organizations have their own, more specialized co-types that give them additional properties.
nut	hard-shelled fruit of some plants having an indehiscent seed.
biologicalmotherofperson	is biological mother of a person
conference	A conference is a regular or recurring meeting of people to confer about a topic. It may take many forms.
agentcontributedtocreativework	Specifies that a particular agent contributed to the production or creation of a particular creativeWork.  An actor in a movie contributes to that movie, but agentCreated would probably be to strong an assertion for that.
hometeamingame	Specifies that a particular team is the home team in a particular sportsGame
wifeof	person has a wife
inverseofcriminalarrestedincountry	Country where criminal was arrested
highschool	Schools whose graduates would go directly on to universities, vocational schools, or other higher education.  No particular limit on age of incoming students.
cityliesonriver	Rivers that flow or through or immediately adjacent to the city.
athleteplaysforteam	to join together in a team (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/team)
inverseofarterysuchasartery	Describes the specific artery types that are generalizations of arteries
inverseofarachnidiseatenbybird	Describes arachnids that are hunted and eaten by this bird
agriculturalproductgrowninlandscapefeatures	Describes the agricultural products that are grown in landscape features
mlauthorexpertin	specifies that a particular ML author is an expert in a particular ML area
inverseofprofessionssuchasprofessions	Describes the professions types that are generalizations of specific professions
economicsectorusingacademicfield	Academic fields used by economic fields
politicianussponsoredpoliticsbill	U.S. Politician sponsoring a particular legislative bill
inverseofarthropodcalledarthropod	Describes the names an artery can be called
bacteria	single-celled or noncellular spherical or spiral or rod-shaped organisms lacking chlorophyll that reproduce by fission;
inverseofanimaleatfood	Describes the foods that are eaten by an animal
ethnicgroup	A group of individuals that share common characteristics, such as ancestry, country of origin, language, religion, culture and physical appearance.
wikipediaurlof	The Wikipedia page for a given category instance
hotelincity	The city a hotel is located in.
inverseofconferencessuchasconferences	Describes the conferences types that are generalizations of specific conferences
invertebrate	An animal which does not have a back bone
concepthasprerequisite	Prerequisite relationship between scientific terms (currently biased towards ML and AI areas)
inverseofprofessionactsatthesameareaofpoliticissue	Describes professions that work at the area of a political issue
dateatwhichexistslocation	Most general location-to-date relation.  Note that locations are not eternal.
inverseofpoliticianuswenttoschool	Describes the school where a US politician studied
moviethatgeneratestelevisionshow	Movie that a television show was based in
inverseofgrainusedtomakecandy	grain and candy are related
companiesheadquarteredhere	specifies that a particular company is headquartered in a particular city
physiologicalconditionstudedbyperson	This predicate holds between a HumanAgent and a condition, and means that the HumanAgent performs research related to condition.
animaldevelopdisease	Describes the diseases that can be developed by an animal
statehasmountain	State/province a mountain is located in.
agentcollaborateswithagent	to work, one with another; cooperate, as on a literary work (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/collaborate)
geopoliticallocationcontainscity	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular geopolitical location
cityresidenceofperson	the city that a person has residence in
eventatlocation	the location that an event is happened at
plant	Member of kingdom plantae.  A seed is considered to be a plant because it has been fertilized, although the larger structure of a fruit which merely contains a seed is not itself a plant.  A picked flower, such as a product sold as such, is not a plant because it is something that has a new name as a result of a mortal action on a plant.
sportsgame	A sports game is a particular instance of a sporting event where teams or athletes compete. This could be a series of matches if the competitors remain the same, but this does not extend to something like a tournament or season where the series of matches draws on different combinations from a set of teams.
agriculturalproducttoattractinsect	Describes the agricultural products that attract insects
politicaloffice	This type is for the office, title, or position within a government.  It includes both single-person offices (prime minister, emperor, mayor), titles of members of a governing body (representative, sentator, MP), and titles of additional positions within a governing body (leader of the opposition, speaker of the house).
inverseofuniversityledmusicfestival	identifies the university that led a Musical Festival
teamplaysagainstteam	Teams that play against each other competitively
citycontainsbuilding	specifies that a particular building is located in a particular city
countrycurrency	specifies that a particular country uses a particular currency
stateorprovinceofpersonbirth	the state or province that a person was born in
ethnicgroupofperson	The ethnicity of a person
musicfestival	A Music Festival is a musical event where live music is played, typically by multiple musical artists. A festival may be a singular event or a recurring one.
countryofpersonbirth	the country that a person was born in
bird	Birds (class Aves) are winged, bipedal, endothermic (warm-blooded), egg-laying, vertebrate animals.
agriculturalproduct	a living thing (or something derived therefrom) which is specifically cultivated and produced to sustain or enrich life
organizationactsinlocation	location of an organization or company
buildingmaterial	The construction material used for building
professionactsatthesameareaofpoliticissue	Describes professions that work at the area of a political issue
crimeorcharge	A crime or other kind of offence or violation with which a person can be charged
worker	to be employed, esp. as a means of earning one's livelihood (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/work)
organizationnamehasacronym	this short name or acronym refers to this organization
persondiedincity	the city that a person died in
scenecontainsobject	Object found in scene (NEIL)
restaurantincity	The city a restaurant is located in.
inverseofclothingmadefromplant	Describes the clothing items made of a plant
mountaininstate	State/province a mountain is located in.
moviedirectedbydirector	to direct a monvie
automobilemodel	A model is a specific car carried under a make.
archaeasuchasarchaea	Describes the specific archaea types that are generalizations of archaeas
politicsissue	An issue of political concern
mlsoftwareauthor	Specifies ML software that is written by a particular ML author
languageofsportsgame	Describes the origin language of the sports name
weaponssuchasweapons	Describes the weapons types that are generalizations of specific weapons
agriculturalproductcamefromcountry	Describes the agricultural products that came from a country
inverseofmountainatgeopoliticallocation	geopoliticallocation and mountain are related
eventoutcome	a final product or end result; consequence; issue (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/outcome)
inverseofcriminalssuchascriminals	Describes the criminals types that are generalizations of specific criminals
stateorprovinceresidenceofperson	the state or province that a person has residence in
personhasresidenceincity	the city that a person has residence in
hobbiessuchashobbies	Describes the hobbies types that are generalizations of specific hobbies
mutualproxyfor	two things can be taken to refer to each other equally
dateof	assigns dates to things.
inverseofagriculturalproductcamefromcountry	Describes the agricultural products that came from a country
lakeinstate	The state/province a river is in.
musicfestivalssuchasmusicfestivals	Describes the musicfestivals types that are generalizations of specific musicfestivals
publicationwritesabout	Specifies that a particular person has been written about in a particular publication
organizationhastopmember	Identifies people in high-level, leading positions at organizations.  Applicable positions have authority over the entire organization (e.g. presidents, VPs, directors, and C-level executives), not merely over departments or subsidiaries.
eventhasparticipantagent	identifies participants in events
personnorthamerica	citizens of countries in North America
musicgenressuchasmusicgenres	Describes the musicgenre types that are generalizations of specific musicgenres
citystadiums	The city where a stadium is located
item	Any tangible thing that does not have the power to act (agency)
agenthaswebsite	The organization that operates a website
locationinzipcode	Describes one or more locations to which a zipcode may correspond.
controlledbyagent	to exercise restraint or direction over; dominate; command (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/control)
nerve	a single nerve cell or bundle of nerve cells
buildingfeaturebuiltabovelake	buildingfeature and lake are related
agentactsinlocation	As with agentInteractsWithAgent, we take existing at a location to be an action at that location.
inverseofbuildingfeaturemadefrombuildingmaterial	Describes the building features that are made of a building material
cardgame	Games that are played with only a physical deck of cards (electronic games not allowed)
locationresidenceofperson	the location that person has residence in
inverseofplantrepresentemotion	Describes the emotions represented by a plant
stateorprovinceattainstrainstation	Describes the trainstantions location (state or province)
websiteoperatedbyagent	The organization that operates a website
companyproducesvideogamesystem	company produces a video game system
attraction	sight or feature that you might visit as a tourist. Examples include monuments, parks, museums, and the like. This type includes Location, which means it is usually used for things which are themselves locations (like those described above
river	A river is a natural waterway usually formed by water derived from either precipitation or glacial meltwater, and flows from higher ground to lower ground. Most commonly rivers flow on the surface but there are many examples of underground rivers. In some areas of highly variable rainfall, some rivers carry water only occasionally and may be dry for several years at a time. Such waterways of all sizes, including streams and creeks, can be listed under this type.
fruit	A structure of a plant that contains its seeds.  This is closer to the botanical definition than the cullinary / colloquial definition, but is technically niether.
bodypartwithinbodypart	indicates that one body part is contained inside another
dateofmeetingeventtitle	When a particular meeting will take place
room	A conceptually-distinct subspace within a building.  The entire space within a building could be considered to be a room in the case of, say, a one-room schoolhouse.
mollusk	invertebrate having a soft unsegmented body usually enclosed in a shell
locationactedinbyagent	As with agentInteractsWithAgent, we take existing at a location to be an action at that location.
objectlookslikeobject	Object looks like (NEIL)
personattendsschool	person has attended a school
universityincity	The city a university is located in.
election	An opportunity for constituents to vote for a political party or candidate for a governmental office or seat, or the ability to run for a governmental office or seat (as is the case with primaries). (FreeBase)
kitchenitem	Any item that might be found in a commercial or residential kitchen that is used for cullinary purposes or in pursuit of the same (e.g. a cupboard).
model	a person who is paid to be a fashion model
grain	dry seed-like fruit produced by the cereal grasses: e.g. wheat, barley, Indian corn
hasofficeincountry	specifies that a particular company has offices in a particular country
politicsbill	A legislative bill, passed, enacted, or otherwise.
personspeakingatmeetingeventtitle	Who will be speaking at a particular meeting
magazine	A magazine is a periodical bound typically published less frequently than daily.  This includes electronic magazines.  For lack of a better definitional boundary, this therefore includes any periodical that is not instead a newspaper.
date	a particular month, day, and year at which some event happened or will happen; the time or period to which any event or thing belongs; period in general (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/date)
animalistypeofanimal	Type-specific generalization of animals.
politicianendorsespolitician	Politician that endorses another politician
amphibiansuchasamphibian	Describes the amphibian types that are generalizations of specific amphibians
visualartist	A visual artist creates artistic works which are mainly experienced by sight. This category includes painters, sculptors and architects, but excludes authors.
inverseofathleteinjuredhisbodypart	Describes the athletes that had injured any body part
inverseoftoolssuchastools	Describes the tools types that are generalizations of specific tools
inverseofarthropodfeedoninsect	Describes the names an artery can be called
locatedat	assigns locations to things.
animaleatfood	Describes the foods that are eaten by an animal
retailstore	Brick & mortar retail stores and franchises.  Retail means selling goods, not services (e.g. prepared food)
cityhasairport	The city an airport is located in.
recordlabel	A record label is a company that releases music albums.
inverseofastronautwasonamissionwithastronaut	Describes astronauts that were at a space mission togheter
bakedgoodservedwithbeverage	Describes the baked goods that are usually served with a beverage
personalcareitem	Items used by people to care for their bodies or to maintain a certain appearance. Could also be called toiletries.
personhasmother	mother of a person
animalssuchasmammals	Describes the animal types that are generalizations of mammals
port	a location on a coast or shore containing one or more harbors where ships can dock and transfer people or cargo to or from land. Port locations are selected to optimize access to land and navigable water, for commercial demand, and for shelter from wind and waves. Ports with deeper water are rarer, but can handle larger, more economical ships. Since ports throughout history handled every kind of traffic, support and storage facilities vary widely, may extend for miles, and dominate the local economy. Some ports have an important, perhaps exclusively military role.
academicfieldhassubfield	Subfields within a given academic field
inverseofbakegoodistypicalincountry	Describes the typicall bakegoods of the countries
furniture	Any functional or decorative mobile object with which a dwelling might be said to be furnished, or any immobile variant of the same (such as an oven built into a wall).
animalsuchasinvertebrate	Describes the invertebrate that are from a specific type of animals
persondeathdate	the date on which this person died
leagueplayers	a group of athletic teams organized to promote mutual interests and to compete chiefly among themselves (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/league)
dateoforganizationcreation	The date on which a given organization was founded
politicalgroupofpoliticianus	U.S. Politician who is member of a political group
actorsuchasactor	Describes the actor types that are generalizations of specific actors
sportfansincountry	Describes the sports that have fans living in a country
drugexpectedreleasedate	This predicate represents the relationship between a pharmaceutical substance and the date when it is expected to be approved for legal marketing.  For our purposes, the date will typically correspond to a date for FDA approval, but the relationship itself is not restricted to approval for sale in the United States.
stadiumlocatedincity	The city where a stadium is located
hobby	A hobby is an activity undertaken for pleasure in one's spare time. Some hobbies exist primarily as hobbies, while others might be practiced professionally by some people but as hobbies by others.  This can include sport activities.
automobileenginesuchasautomobileengine	Describes the specific automobile Engine types that are generalizations of automobile Engines
inverseofpersongraduatedfromuniversity	Describes the people graduated from a university
inverseofhotelbuiltatpark	hotel and park are related
canbethesameas	Describes two instances that are the same thing in different categories
sportsleague	A sports league is an association of teams that compete with each other in a sport. Sports leagues include conferences and divisions of other sports leagues.
hasspouse	person has a spouse
game	General parent category for more specific kinds of games
personbornincity	the city that a person was born in
agriculturalproductcontainchemical	Describes the agricultural products that contain a chemical
sportschoolincountry	Describes the sports practiced in a country
bone	a bone or bone structure in a vertebrate
musician	A musician is a person who sings or plays a musical instrument as part of a musical act.
buildinglocatedincity	specifies that a particular building is located in a particular city
personterminatedbyorganization	This relation holds when the organization has teminated the employment relationship. This includes firings, RIFs, resignations, and retirements. Normal ending of a contract does not constitute terminatedEmployment. A termination event (the endinf of the employment) must be mentioned for this relation to apply; if the text just says that Mary Smith used to work for IBM, that is not enough to assert a terminatedEmployment relation.
arachnid	air-breathing arthropods characterized by simple eyes and four pairs of legs
iteminvolvedwithagent	Most general agent-to-item relation.  As with agentInteractsWithAgent, we'll use this for states of being as well as actions, at least for now.
parlourgame	Parlour games, drawing room games, car games, and similar passtimes that are not card games, dice games, board games, etc.
inverseofanimalsuchasinsect	Describes the insect that are from a specific type of animals
inverseofactorsuchasactor	Describes the actor types that are generalizations of specific actors
inverseofanimalfeedoninsect	Describes the animals that feed on Insects
professionalorganization	A professional organization is an organization of people who work in a particular field.
mountainatgeopoliticallocation	geopoliticallocation and mountain are related
companyeconomicsector	specifies that a particular company does business in a particular economic sector
emotionassociatedwithdisease	Describes the emotions associated with a disease
religion	Religious sects, denominations, and (meta-)organizations. NOT church buildings or individual chapters/institutions.
chemicalistypeofchemical	indicates that one chemical is special case of another chemical
fish	A fish is any aquatic vertebrate animal that is covered with scales, and equipped with two sets of paired fins and several unpaired fins. Most fish are cold-blooded, or ectothermic, allowing their body temperatures to vary as ambient temperatures change.
inverseofautomobilemakercardealersinstateorprovince	Describes the car dealers in a state or province
agentbelongstoorganization	to be in the relation of a member, adherent, inhabitant, etc (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/belong)
officialwebsiteoforganization	An official top-level URL for an organization's website
location	The Location type is used for any topic with a fixed location on the planet Earth. It includes geographic features such as oceans and mountains, political entities like cities and man-made objects like buildings
agriculturalproductcutintogeometricshape	Describes the agricultural products that are usually cut into geometric shapes
academicfieldusedinjobposition	Academic fields useful for job positions
inverseofawardtrophytournamentwasawardedonstadium	Stadium of event venue where a award trophy tournament was at least once awarded
coachalsoknownas	this is another name for this coach
shoppingmall	A shopping mall is a building or group of buildings containing many stores, restaurants, and businesses.
statelocatedincountry	The country which the state or province is a part of.
company	A company is an organization whose goal is to make money
economicsectorcompany	specifies that a particular company does business in a particular economic sector
book	A book is a written work or a collection of written works in book form. Book represents the abstract notion of a particular book, rather than a particular edition.
inverseofathletepublishesinblog	The blog where an athlete publishes
televisionshowisbasedonmovie	Movie that a television show was based in
personhasbiologicalfather	is biological father of a person
organizationleadbyagent	General relation as with certain political positions, we have an agent that controls the thing that he works for
inverseofacademicfieldsuchasacademicfield	Describes a specialization fo an Academic Field
aquariumincity	The city an aquarium is located in.
citylocatedincountry	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular country
shapeofobject	Object has shape (NEIL)
economicsector	An economy may include several sectors (also called industries) (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_sectors)
inverseofagriculturalproductgrowninlandscapefeature	Describes the agricultural products that are grown in landscape features
worksfor	to be employed, esp. as a means of earning one's livelihood (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/work)
teamalsoknownas	this is another name for this team
drugworkedonbyagent	This predicate relates a substance and a HumanAgent who is responsible for it.  Responsibility is understoond relatively broadly, and includes people or organizations responsible for the substance's discovery or marketing and manufacturing.  Additionally, agents that own the rights to the substance are also eligible to participate in this relationship.  Note that the humanAgent category include organizations, including universities, companies, and government agencies.
filmfestival	Film festivals at which movies are shown.
scoreofsportsgame	the score of this game
invertebratefeedonfood	Describes the foods that are eaten by an invertebrate
inverseofcolorassociatedwithvisualizableattribut	color and visualizableattribute are related
inverseofmusicfestivalssuchasmusicfestivals	Describes the musicfestivals types that are generalizations of specific musicfestivals
cave	An underground space humans or animals can enter - a cave.
teamingame	Specifies the teams that played in a particular sports game
losingscoreofsportsgame	Specifies the score with which the loosing team in a particular sportsGame lost.
inverseofbankboughtbank	Describes the banks that bought other banks
inverseofagriculturalproductcomingfromvertebrate	Describes the agricultural products that come from a vertebrate
locationrelatedtoagent	Most general agent-to-location relation
organizationhiredperson	This relation connects an organization to individuals that it hired.  It does include people hired as contractors, not just people hired as employees. It does not include elected officials. It does not include organizations that may be hired for some particular purpose. Typically, hiring someone does involve paying them, though that is seldom stated explicitly when the relation is mentioned. A hiring event (the actual initiation of the employment) must be mentioned for this relation to apply; if the text just says that Mary Smith works for IBM, that is not enough to assert a hired relation.
diseasecausesphysiologicalcondition	Describes diseases that may cause a physiological condition
governmentorganization	A government is the organization, or agency through which a political unit exercises its authority,
astronautssuchasaustronauts	Describes the specific astronaut types that are generalizations of astronauts
inverseofbirdmayconsumeprotein	Describes the proteins eaten by a bird
mountain	A mountain is a landform that extends above the surrounding terrain in a limited area. A mountain is generally steeper than a hill, but there is considerable overlap, and usage often depends on local custom.
politicianus	Politicians of the U.S.A
astronautwasonamissionwithastronaut	Describes astronauts that were at a space mission togheter
perceptionaction	An event that involves someone perceiving something
academicfieldsuchasacademicfield	Describes a specialization fo an Academic Field
mlmetric	A metric used to evaluate machine learning methods
sportsevent	is when a sport is played or otherwise engaged in, including but not limited to what would be termed a sports game.  See child categories for examples.
mammaleatsinsect	Describes the insects that mammals eats
inverseofislandhasskiarea	Describes island that have ski a area
visualizableobject	a visual object (for NEIL)
agentinteractswithagent	to act one upon another (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/interact)
meetingeventtypeincludesmeetingeventtitle	What series of meetings a particular meeting belongs to, or what kind of a meeting it is
eventsubeventof	event that is happened as a sub-event of another event
personhasfather	father of a person
vehicletypehasvehicle	Type-specific generalization of vehicles.
inverseofcelebritysuchascelebrity	Describes the specific celebrity types that are generalizations of celebrities
politicianrepresentslocation	Describes the city, state, country or other location represented by a politician
geopoliticallocationcontainscountry	specifies that a particular country is located in a particular geopolitical entity
insectcanbeconfundedwitharthropod	Arthropodes that usually are confunded by insects
url	A URL
consumerelectronicitem	An item intended for ordinary people that runs on electricity, excluding appliances. This category includes accessories for consumer electronic items, such as video games and DVDs.
inverseofathleteplayedforschool	The school that an athlete used to play for its team
inverseofbeveragemadefrombeverage	Describes the names an artery can be called
sportusesequipment	Specifies equipment that is used by a particular sport.
sportsgamescore	the score of this game
meetingeventtitleinbuilding	In which building a particular meeting will take place
cityofpersonbirth	the city that a person was born in
sportsteampositionathlete	The team position played by an athlete.
professionssuchasprofessions	Describes the professions types that are generalizations of specific professions
universityoperatesinlanguage	Language spoken at a college/university.
jobpositionheldbyperson	This relation holds when the person has held the position at some point in some organization.
players	to engage in (a game, pastime, etc.) (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/play)
buildingispartofuniversity	Describes buildings that universities might own
teamplaysinleague	The league that a team plays in.
marriedinyear	This relation holds when a person married some other person in the specified year.
refineryproduct	a product derived from a petroleum refinery
athletepublishesinblog	The blog where an athlete publishes
archaea	single-celled organisms lacking nuclei, formerly called archaebacteria but now known to differ fundamentally from bacteria
countrycities	specifies that a particular city is located in a particular country
countryleadbyperson	specifies that a particular person is the leader of a particular country
citycapitalofcountry	specifies that a particular city is the capital of a particular country
agentinvolvedwithitem	Most general agent-to-item relation.  As with agentInteractsWithAgent, we'll use this for states of being as well as actions, at least for now.
geopoliticalentity	That which would an object of geopolitical analysis, including but not limited to countries, administrative or de facto subdivisions thereof, supernational groupings and organizations, geographical regions, and cultural groups.
visualizableattribute	a visual attribute (for NEIL)
stateorprovinceisborderedbystateorprovince	Describes the states that borders a state
continent	A continent is a large land mass, defined mostly by conventional use, but closely related to tectonic plates within the earth's crust.
athletefracturedbone	Bone fracture that an athlete had
lymphnode	a lymph node in the body
newpaperhaswebsite	Present the oficial website of a newspaper
inverseofastronautsuchasastronaut	Describes the specific astronaut types that are generalizations of astronauts
organizationacronymhasname	this short name or acronym refers to this organization
inverseofarachnidssuchasarachnides	Describes the specific arachnid types that are generalizations of arachnids
dateatwhichexistsitem	a item exists in a determined time (or date)
politicsbillsponsoredbypoliticianus	U.S. Politician sponsoring a particular legislative bill
inverseofinvertebratefeedonfood	Describes the foods that are eaten by an invertebrate
llcoordinate	Longitude is the angular distance of a point's meridian from the Prime (Greenwich) Meridian
bedroomitem	Any item that is commonly found in a bedroom.
criminalarrestedincountry	Country where criminal was arrested
agentcausedevent	Companion to agentParticipatedInEvent.  Note that one needn't participate in an event in order to be a causal factor.
awardtrophytournamentisthechampionshipgameofthenationalsport	Describes award trophy tournaments related to specific sports
academicfieldusedbyeconomicsector	Academic fields used by economic fields
animaltypehasanimal	Type-specific generalization of animals.
vehicle	Any vessel or other conveyance machine used for purposes of travel.  Apparel and other personal affects, e.g. shoes or walking sticks, do not count.
buildinghasofficebuildingroom	Which office-style building a particular room is found in
researchproject	A specific research effort or a research center
istallerthan	Indicates that arg1 has a greater height than arg2
mediacompany	Any company that deals in the production or marketing of media goods (film, audio, literature, journalistic, etc.)
subjectconcernedbyacademicfield	Subjects of study within a given academic field
weatherphenomenon	Anything that happens naturally in the atmosphere
celebritycanbethesameasceo	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
acquired	to come into possession or ownership of; get as one's own (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/acquire)
hospital	A hospital is an institution for health care, often but not always providing for longer-term patient stays.  All varieties of hospitals -- private, public, military, etc. -- are included.
newspaperincity	Specifies the city in which a particular newspaper is headquartered
journalist	Journalists are professionals who work in journalism. They collect and report news.
malemovedtostateorprovince	Describes the male people that moved to live in a state or province
citytelevisionstation	The city where a TV station is located or broadcasts to.
cheese	Any cheese
stateorprovinceoforganizationheadquarters	The state or province where a given organization is headquartered
tableitem	Any item that is commonly found on a table.
weapon	A weapon is any tool used for fighting
acquiredby	to come into possession or ownership of; get as one's own (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/acquire)
cityradiostation	Specifies that a particular radio station is headquarted in a particular city
superpartoforganization	one organization is a subpart of a larger, controlling organization
arachnidiseatenbybird	Describes arachnids that are hunted and eaten by this bird
charactertrait	habitual patterns of behavior, thought, and emotion (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trait_theory)
universityhasacademicprogram	this academic program is offered by this university
braintissue	any subregion of the brain, but not including single nerves
male	This category includes all male human beings.
drugpossiblytreatsphysiologicalcondition	relates a substance to a condition that it might treat. This relation includes conditions that the substance has been designed or approved to treat, as well as conditions for which it is being investigated as a possible treatment.  Common folk remedies would also be eligible for this relation.  For example, it would be reasonable to say that chicken noodle soup is a possible treatment for colds.
brotherof	person has a brother
virus	A small infectious agent that replicates only inside the living cells of other organisms
plantrepresentemotion	Describes the emotions represented by a plant
personhasresidenceincountry	the country that a person has residence in
aquariumssuchasaquariums	Describes the specific aquarium types that are generalizations of aquariums
synonymfor	Two strings are synonyms if both of them frequently refer to the same real-world concept in text.
inverseofcoachstudiedatuniversity	Describes the university where the coach studied at
citylanguage	Typical language spoken in a city (official or otherwise)
videogamessuchasvideogames	Describes the videogame types that are generalizations of specific videogames
plantincludeplant	Describes the subcategories of a plant
awayteamingame	Specifies that a particular team is the away team in a particular sportsGame.
cityrestaurants	The city a restaurant is located in.
chef	A chef is a professional cook.
athleteplayssportsteamposition	The team position played by an athlete.
inverseofarthropodlooklikeinsect	Describes the arthropod that look like specific insects
drughassideeffect	This predicate indicates that the use of a drug has a physiologicalCondition as a side-effect.  Uses of this predicate may include both very common side-effects, and rare but reported side-effects.
politicianendorsedbypolitician	Politician that endorses another politician
zipcode	US ZIP codes.  Other postal codes are not allowed
vegetablecanbethesameasagriculturalproduct	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
stadiumhometeam	The stadium or other sporting venue which a team designates as its home. Typically, a large percentage of the team's games occur in this location.
personleadsorganization	person leading an organization/company
restaurantlocatedinskyscraper	Describes restaurants located in skyscrapers
personafricacanbethesameaswriter	Describes writers that are the same instances as personafrica
meatcomesfromanimal	Describes the animals and their meat cuts
cityhostsattraction	Attraction occurs in the city
locationofevent	the location that an event is happened at
sportsteamposition	The name of a position on a sports team (e.g., quarterback)
personleadsgeopoliticalorganization	specifies that a particular person plays a leading role in a particular geopolitical organization (which includes the governments of countries)
beveragecansoftendisease	Describes beverages that can help soften the symptons of diseases
personleadscountry	specifies that a particular person is the leader of a particular country
insect	class within the arthropods that have a chitinous exoskeleton, a three-part body (head, thorax, and abdomen), three pairs of jointed legs, compound eyes, and two antennae
physicalaction	An event that involves someone doing something with their physical body.
inverseofarchitectssuchasarchitects	Describes the specific architect types that are generalizations of architects
countrylanguage	Typical language spoken in a country (official or otherwise)
farmlocatedincountry	The country a farm is located in
vegetablecanbeservedwithgrain	Describes the vegetables that are usually served with a grain
athleteledsportsteam	Describes the athletes that lead/led a sports team
sisterof	person has a sister
sportsgamehometeam	Specifies that a particular team is the home team in a particular sportsGame
restaurant	The restaurant type represents single restaurants as well as restaurant chains.
vegetableproductioninstateorprovince	Describes the vegetables produced in a state or province
professionusestool	those who practice this profession use this tool
politicalofficecanbethesameasjobposition	Describes two instances that are the same thing in these two different categories
street	A route of travel that has a single name indicating its entirety, and that could have a street address (as distinct from trail, which may not feature addresses)
inverseofautomobileenginesuchasautomobileengine	Describes the specific automobile Engine types that are generalizations of automobile Engines
religionssuchasreligions	Describes the religions types that are generalizations of specific religions
organizationterminatedperson	This relation holds when the organization has teminated the employment relationship. This includes firings, RIFs, resignations, and retirements. Normal ending of a contract does not constitute terminatedEmployment. A termination event (the endinf of the employment) must be mentioned for this relation to apply; if the text just says that Mary Smith used to work for IBM, that is not enough to assert a terminatedEmployment relation.
dateofpersondeath	the date on which this person died
personhiredbyorganization	This relation connects an organization to individuals that it hired.  It does include people hired as contractors, not just people hired as employees. It does not include elected officials. It does not include organizations that may be hired for some particular purpose. Typically, hiring someone does involve paying them, though that is seldom stated explicitly when the relation is mentioned. A hiring event (the actual initiation of the employment) must be mentioned for this relation to apply; if the text just says that Mary Smith works for IBM, that is not enough to assert a hired relation.
judge	a judge in a court of law
inverseofinsecteatsgrain	Describes the grains eaten by an insect
geopoliticalorganizationleadbyperson	specifies that a particular person plays a leading role in a particular geopolitical organization (which includes the governments of countries)
perceptionevent	Something that can be perceived by someone.
inverseofanimaleatvegetable	Describes the vegetables eaten by an animal
cityleadbyperson	specifies that a particular person is the leader (e.g. Mayor) of a particular city
creativework	the product of any creative effort, including movies, paintings, musical songs, etc.
fishservedwithfood	Describes the kind of food that are tipically serverd with a fish
skiarea	A place to ski
movie	A release of a visual narrative composed of a series of moving images that is considered a complete presentation and is intended to be classified as a film. A film can be of any length of running time and presented in a theatrical, television, internet-streaming and direct-to-home-video presentation. (FreeBase)
ceoof	specifies that a particular CEO is the CEO of a particular company
organizationheadquarteredincountry	The country where a given organization is headquartered
personhasresidenceingeopoliticallocation	the geopolitical location that person has residence in
agriculturalproductincludingagriculturalproduct	Describes the agricultural products that are generalizations of other agriculture products
itemusedwithitem	Most general item-to-item relation.
inverseofweaponssuchasweapons	Describes the weapons types that are generalizations of specific weapons
agriculturalproductproducedbyfarm	the agricultural products produced by a farm
skyscraper	A very tall building
persondiedinlocation	the location that a person died in
personantarctica	Placeholder in case we change the definition of personByLocation categories such that there would be anyone to put here (there are no countries in Antarctica of which to be a citizen).
inverseofinvertebrateturnintoinsect	Describes the metamorphosis of some invertebrates into another insects
companyhasshareholder	Any organization, person, or geopolitical entity that holds shares (majority or otherwise) of the given company.
inverseofmagazineisleadbyceo	Identifies the CEO of a Magazine
sportsgameloserscore	Specifies the score with which the loosing team in a particular sportsGame lost.
vertebrate	An animal which has a back bone
nonprofitorganization	A non-profit organization is a legally-constituted organization that does not make a profit from its operations.
arthropodthatfeedoninsect	Describes the names an artery can be called
arterycalledartery	Describes the names an artery can be called
abstractthing	thought, quality, characteristic apart from concrete realities, specific objects, or actual instances; theoretical, not applied or practical (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/abstract)
visualizablething	something which can be recognized visually
officeitem	Items usually found in an office that are used for clerical or intellectual work.
